Harry Potter 1 :
325.5 - 331.2  Chapitre 12
"On Christmas Eve, Harry went to bed looking forward to the next day for the food and the fun, but not expecting any presents at all. When he woke early in the morning, however, the first thing he saw was a small pile of packages at the foot of his bed.
      “Merry Christmas,” said Ron sleepily as Harry scrambled out of bed and pulled on his bathrobe.
      “You, too,” said Harry. “Will you look at this? I’ve got some presents!”
      “What did you expect, turnips?” said Ron, turning to his own pile, which was a lot bigger than Harry’s.
      Harry picked up the top parcel. It was wrapped in thick brown paper and scrawled across it was To Harry, from Hagrid. Inside was a roughly cut wooden flute. Hagrid had obviously whittled it himself. Harry blew it — it sounded a bit like an owl.
      A second, very small parcel contained a note.
      We received your message and enclose your Christmas present. From Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia. Taped to the note was a fifty-​pence piece.
      “That’s friendly,” said Harry.
      Ron was fascinated by the fifty pence.

“Weird!” he said, ‘What a shape! This is money?”
      “You can keep it,” said Harry, laughing at how pleased Ron was. “Hagrid and my aunt and uncle — so who sent these?”
      “I think I know who that one’s from,” said Ron, turning a bit pink and pointing to a very lumpy parcel. “My mom. I told her you didn’t expect any presents and — oh, no,” he groaned, “she’s made you a Weasley sweater.”
      Harry had torn open the parcel to find a thick, hand-​knitted sweater in emerald green and a large box of homemade fudge.
      “Every year she makes us a sweater,” said Ron, unwrapping his own, “and mine’s always maroon.”
      “That’s really nice of her,” said Harry, trying the fudge, which was very tasty.
      His next present also contained candy — a large box of Chocolate Frogs from Hermione.
      This only left one parcel. Harry picked it up and felt it. It was very light. He unwrapped it.
      Something fluid and silvery gray went slithering to the floor where it lay in gleaming folds. Ron gasped.
      “I’ve heard of those,” he said in a hushed voice, dropping the box of Every Flavor Beans he’d gotten from Hermione. “If that’s what I think it is — they’re really rare, and really valuable.”
      “What is it?”
      Harry picked the shining, silvery cloth off the floor. It was strange to the touch, like water woven into material.
      “It’s an invisibility cloak,” said Ron, a look of awe on his face. “I’m sure it is — try it on.”
      Harry threw the cloak around his shoulders and Ron gave a yell.
      “It is! Look down!”
      Harry looked down at his feet, but they were gone. He dashed to the mirror. Sure enough, his reflection looked back at him, just his head suspended in midair, his body completely invisible. He pulled the cloak over his head and his reflection vanished completely.
      “There’s a note!” said Ron suddenly. “A note fell out of it!”
      Harry pulled off the cloak and seized the letter. Written in narrow, loopy writing he had never seen before were the following words:
 
Your father left this in my possession before he died.
It is time it was returned to you.
Use it well.
A Very Merry Christmas to you.
 
"




Harry Potter 2

Chapter 12

348.8 - 351.7


"Christ­mas morn­ing dawned, cold and white. Har­ry and Ron, the on­ly ones left in their dor­mi­to­ry, were wo­ken very ear­ly by Hermione, who burst in, ful­ly dressed and car­ry­ing presents for them both.

      “Wake up,” she said loud­ly, pulling back the cur­tains at the win­dow.

      “Hermione — you’re not sup­posed to be in here —” said Ron, shield­ing his eyes against the light.

      “Mer­ry Christ­mas to you, too,” said Hermione, throw­ing him his present. “I’ve been up for near­ly an hour, adding more lacewings to the po­tion. It’s ready.”

      Har­ry sat up, sud­den­ly wide awake.

      “Are you sure?”

      “Pos­itive,” said Hermione, shift­ing Scab­bers the rat so that she could sit down on the end of Ron’s four-​poster. “If we’re go­ing to do it, I say it should be tonight.”

      At that mo­ment, Hed­wig swooped in­to the room, car­ry­ing a very small pack­age in her beak.

      “Hel­lo,” said Har­ry hap­pi­ly as she land­ed on his bed. “Are you speak­ing to me again?”

      She nib­bled his ear in an af­fec­tion­ate sort of way, which was a far bet­ter present than the one that she had brought him, which turned out to be from the Durs­leys. They had sent Har­ry a tooth­pick and a note telling him to find out whether he’d be able to stay at Hog­warts for the sum­mer va­ca­tion, too.

      The rest of Har­ry’s Christ­mas presents were far more sat­is­fac­to­ry. Ha­grid had sent him a large tin of trea­cle fudge, which Har­ry de­cid­ed to soft­en by the fire be­fore eat­ing; Ron had giv­en him a book called Fly­ing with the Can­nons, a book of in­ter­est­ing facts about his fa­vorite Quid­ditch team, and Hermione had bought him a lux­uri­ous ea­gle-​feath­er quill. Har­ry opened the last present to find a new, hand-​knit­ted sweater from Mrs. Weasley and a large plum cake. He read her card with a fresh surge of guilt, think­ing about Mr. Weasley’s car (which hadn’t been seen since its crash with the Whomp­ing Wil­low), and the bout of rule-​break­ing he and Ron were plan­ning next.

      No one, not even some­one dread­ing tak­ing Polyjuice Po­tion lat­er, could fail to en­joy Christ­mas din­ner at Hog­warts.

      The Great Hall looked mag­nif­icent. Not on­ly were there a dozen frost-​cov­ered Christ­mas trees and thick stream­ers of hol­ly and mistle­toe criss­cross­ing the ceil­ing, but en­chant­ed snow was falling, warm and dry, from the ceil­ing. Dum­ble­dore led them in a few of his fa­vorite car­ols, Ha­grid boom­ing more and more loud­ly with ev­ery gob­let of eggnog he con­sumed. Per­cy, who hadn’t no­ticed that Fred had be­witched his pre­fect badge so that it now read “Pin­head,” kept ask­ing them all what they were snig­ger­ing at. Har­ry didn’t even care that Dra­co Mal­foy was mak­ing loud, snide re­mark about his new sweater from the Slytherin ta­ble. With a bit of luck, Mal­foy would be get­ting his come­up­pance in a few hours’ time.

      Har­ry and Ron had bare­ly fin­ished their third help­ings of Christ­mas pud­ding when Hermione ush­ered them out of the hall to fi­nal­ize their plans for the evening.

      “We still need a bit of the peo­ple you’re chang­ing in­to,” said Hermione mat­ter-​of-​fact­ly, as though she were send­ing them to the su­per­mar­ket for laun­dry de­ter­gent. “And ob­vi­ous­ly, it’ll be best if you can get some­thing of Crabbe’s and Goyle’s; they’re Mal­foys best friends, he’ll tell them any­thing. And we al­so need to make sure the re­al Crabbe and Goyle can’t burst in on us while we’re in­ter­ro­gat­ing him.

      “I’ve got it all worked out,” she went on smooth­ly, ig­nor­ing Har­ry’s and Ron’s stu­pe­fied faces. She held up two plump choco­late cakes. “I’ve filled these with a sim­ple Sleep­ing Draught. All you have to do is make sure Crabbe and Goyle find them. You know how greedy they are, they’re bound to eat them. Once they’re asleep, pull out a few of their hairs and hide them in a broom clos­et.”

      Har­ry and Ron looked in­cred­ulous­ly at each oth­er.

      “Hermione, I don’t think —”

      “That could go se­ri­ous­ly wrong —”

      But Hermione had a steely glint in her eye not un­like the one Pro­fes­sor McG­ona­gall some­times had.

      “The po­tion will be use­less with­out Crabbe’s and Goyle’s hair,” she said stern­ly. “You do want to in­ves­ti­gate Mal­foy, don’t you?”

      “Oh, all right, all right,” said Har­ry. “But what about you? Whose hair are you rip­ping out?”

      “I’ve al­ready got mine!” said Hermione bright­ly, pulling a tiny bot­tle out of her pock­et and show­ing them the sin­gle hair in­side it. “Re­mem­ber Mil­li­cent Bul­strode wrestling with me at the Du­el­ing Club? She left this on my robes when she was try­ing to stran­gle me! And she’s gone home for Christ­mas — so I’ll just have to tell the Slytherins I’ve de­cid­ed to come back.”

      When Hermione had bus­tled off to check on the Polyjuice Po­tion again, Ron turned to Har­ry with a doom-​laden ex­pres­sion.

      “Have you ev­er heard of a plan where so many things could go wrong?”

      But to Har­ry’s and Ron’s ut­ter amaze­ment, stage one of the op­er­ation went just as smooth­ly as Hermione had said. They lurked in the de­sert­ed en­trance hall af­ter Christ­mas tea, wait­ing for Crabbe and Goyle who had re­mained alone at the Slytherin ta­ble, shov­el­ing down fourth help­ings of tri­fle. Har­ry had perched the choco­late cakes on the end of the ban­is­ters. When they spot­ted Crabbe and Goyle com­ing out of the Great Hall, Har­ry and Ron hid quick­ly be­hind a suit of ar­mor next to the front door.

      “How thick can you get?” Ron whis­pered ec­stat­ical­ly as Crabbe glee­ful­ly point­ed out the cakes to Goyle and grabbed them. Grin­ning stupid­ly, they stuffed the cakes whole in­to their large mouths. For a mo­ment, both of them chewed greed­ily, looks of tri­umph on their faces. Then, with­out the small­est change of ex­pres­sion, they both keeled over back­ward on­to the floor.

      By far the hard­est part was hid­ing them in the clos­et across the hall. Once they were safe­ly stowed among the buck­ets and mops, Har­ry yanked out a cou­ple of the bris­tles that cov­ered Goyle’s fore­head and Ron pulled out sev­er­al of Crabbe’s hairs. They al­so stole their shoes, be­cause their own were far too small for Crabbe- and Goyle-​size feet. Then, still stunned at what they had just done, they sprint­ed up to Moan­ing Myr­tle’s bath­room.

      They could hard­ly see for the thick black smoke is­su­ing from the stall in which Hermione was stir­ring the caul­dron. Pulling their robes up over their faces, Har­ry and Ron knocked soft­ly on the door.

      “Hermione?”

      They heard the scrape of the lock and Hermione emerged, shiny-​faced and look­ing anx­ious. Be­hind her they heard the gloop gloop of the bub­bling, gluti­nous po­tion. Three glass tum­blers stood ready on the toi­let seat.

      “Did you get them?” Hermione asked breath­less­ly.

      Har­ry showed her Goyle’s hair.

      “Good. And I sneaked these spare robes out of the laun­dry,” Hermione said, hold­ing up a small sack. “You’ll need big­ger sizes once you’re Crabbe and Goyle.”

      The three of them stared in­to the caul­dron. Close up, the po­tion looked like thick, dark mud, bub­bling slug­gish­ly.

      “I’m sure I’ve done ev­ery­thing right,” said Hermione, ner­vous­ly reread­ing the splotched page of Moste Po­tente Po­tions. “It looks like the book says it should … once we’ve drunk it, we’ll have ex­act­ly an hour be­fore we change back in­to our­selves.”

      “Now what?” Ron whis­pered.

      “We sep­arate it in­to three glass­es and add the hairs.”

      Hermione la­dled large dol­lops of the po­tion in­to each of the glass­es. Then, her hand trem­bling, she shook Mil­li­cent Bul­strode’s hair out of its bot­tle in­to the first glass.

      The po­tion hissed loud­ly like a boil­ing ket­tle and frothed mad­ly. A sec­ond lat­er, it had turned a sick sort of yel­low.

      “Urgh — essence of Mil­li­cent Bul­strode,” said Ron, eye­ing it with loathing. “Bet it tastes dis­gust­ing.”

      “Add yours, then,” said Hermione.

      Har­ry dropped Goyle’s hair in­to the mid­dle glass and Ron put Crabbe’s in­to the last one. Both glass­es hissed and frothed: Goyle’s turned the kha­ki col­or of a booger, Crabbe’s a dark, murky brown.

      “Hang on,” said Har­ry as Ron and Hermione reached for their glass­es. “We’d bet­ter not all drink them in here …. Once we turn in­to Crabbe and Goyle we won’t fit. And Mil­li­cent Bul­strode’s no pix­ie.”

      “Good think­ing,” said Ron, un­lock­ing the door. “We’ll take sep­arate stalls.”

      Care­ful not to spill a drop of his Polyjuice Po­tion, Har­ry slipped in­to the mid­dle stall.

      “Ready?” he called.

      “Ready,” came Ron’s and Hermione’s voic­es.

      “One — two — three —”

      Pinch­ing his nose, Har­ry drank the po­tion down in two large gulps. It tast­ed like over­cooked cab­bage.

      Im­me­di­ate­ly, his in­sides start­ed writhing as though he’d just swal­lowed live snakes — dou­bled up, he won­dered whether he was go­ing to be sick — then a burn­ing sen­sa­tion spread rapid­ly from his stom­ach to the very ends of his fin­gers and toes — next, bring­ing him gasp­ing to all fours, came a hor­ri­ble melt­ing feel­ing, as the skin all over his body bub­bled like hot wax — and be­fore his eyes, his hands be­gan to grow, the fin­gers thick­ened, the nails broad­ened, the knuck­les were bulging like bolts — his shoul­ders stretched painful­ly and a prick­ling on his fore­head told him that hair was creep­ing down to­ward his eye­brows — his robes ripped as his chest ex­pand­ed like a bar­rel burst­ing its hoops — his feet were agony in shoes four sizes too small.

      As sud­den­ly as it had start­ed, ev­ery­thing stopped. Har­ry lay face­down on the stone-​cold floor, lis­ten­ing to Myr­tle gur­gling mo­rose­ly in the end toi­let. With dif­fi­cul­ty, he kicked off his shoes and stood up. So this was what it felt like, be­ing Goyle. His large hand trem­bling, he pulled off his old robes, which were hang­ing a foot above his an­kles, pulled on the spare ones, and laced up Goyle’s boat­like shoes. He reached up to brush his hair out of his eyes and met on­ly the short growth of wiry bris­tles, low on his fore­head. Then he re­al­ized that his glass­es were cloud­ing his eyes be­cause Goyle ob­vi­ous­ly didn’t need them — he took them off and called, “Are you two okay?” Goyle’s low rasp of a voice is­sued from his mouth.

      “Yeah,” came the deep grunt of Crabbe from his right.


"



Harry Potter 3
Chapter 11
355.5 - 361.3


"

Meanwhile, in the rest of the castle, the usual magnificent Christmas decorations had been put up, despite the fact that hardly any of the students remained to enjoy them. Thick streamers of holly and mistletoe were strung along the corridors, mysterious lights shone from inside every suit of armour and the Great Hall was filled with its usual twelve Christmas trees, glittering with golden stars. A powerful and delicious smell of cooking pervaded the corridors, and by Christmas Eve, it had grown so strong that even Scabbers poked his nose out of the shelter of Ron’s pocket to sniff hopefully at the air.
On Christmas morning, Harry was woken by Ron throwing his pillow at him.
‘Oy! Presents!’
Harry reached for his glasses and put them on, squinting through the semi-​darkness to the foot of his bed, where a small heap of parcels had appeared. Ron was already ripping the paper off his own presents.
‘Another jumper from Mum … maroon again … see if you’ve got one.’
Harry had. Mrs Weasley had sent him a scarlet jumper with the Gryffindor lion knitted on the front, also a dozen home-​baked mince pies, some Christmas cake and a box of nut brittle. As he moved all these things aside, he saw a long, thin package lying underneath.
‘What’s that?’ said Ron, looking over, a freshly unwrapped pair of maroon socks in his hand.
‘Dunno …’
Harry ripped the parcel open and gasped as a magnificent, gleaming broomstick rolled out onto his bedspread. Ron dropped his socks and jumped off his bed for a closer look.
‘I don’t believe it,’ he said hoarsely.
It was a Firebolt, identical to the dream broom Harry had gone to see every day in Diagon Alley. Its handle glittered as he picked it up. He could feel it vibrating, and let go; it hung in mid-​air, unsupported, at exactly the right height for him to mount it. His eyes moved from the golden registration number at the top of the handle right down to the perfectly smooth, streamlined birch twigs that made up the tail.
‘Who sent it to you?’ said Ron in a hushed voice.
‘Look and see if there’s a card,’ said Harry.
Ron ripped apart the Firebolt’s wrappings. ‘Nothing! Blimey, who’d spend that much on you?’
‘Well,’ said Harry, feeling stunned, ‘I’m betting it wasn’t the Dursleys.’
‘I bet it was Dumbledore,’ said Ron, now walking round and round the Firebolt, taking in every glorious inch. ‘He sent you the Invisibility Cloak anonymously …’
‘That was my dad’s, though,’ said Harry. ‘Dumbledore was just passing it on to me. He wouldn’t spend hundreds of Galleons on me. He can’t go giving students stuff like this –’
‘That’s why he wouldn’t say it was from him!’ said Ron. ‘In case some git like Malfoy said it was favouritism. Hey, Harry –’ Ron gave a great whoop of laughter, ‘Malfoy! Wait ’til he sees you on this! He’ll be sick as a pig! This is an international standard broom, this is!’
‘I can’t believe this,’ Harry muttered, running a hand along the Firebolt, while Ron sank onto Harry’s bed, laughing his head off at thethought of Malfoy. ‘Who –?’
‘I know,’ said Ron, controlling himself. ‘I know who it could’ve been – Lupin!’
‘What?’ said Harry, now starting to laugh himself. ‘Lupin? Listen, if he had this much gold, he’d be able to buy himself some new robes.’
‘Yeah, but he likes you,’ said Ron. ‘And he was away when your Nimbus got smashed, and he might’ve heard about it and decided to visit Diagon Alley and get this for you –’
‘What d’you mean, he was away?’ said Harry. ‘He was ill when I was playing in that match.’
‘Well, he wasn’t in the hospital wing,’ said Ron. ‘I was there, cleaning out the bedpans on that detention from Snape, remember?’
Harry frowned at Ron.
‘I can’t see Lupin affording something like this.’
‘What’re you two laughing about?’
Hermione had just come in, wearing her dressing gown and carrying Crookshanks, who was looking very grumpy, with a string of tinsel tied around his neck.
‘Don’t bring him in here!’ said Ron, hurriedly snatching Scabbers from the depths of his bed and stowing him in his pyjama pocket. But Hermione wasn’t listening. She dropped Crookshanks onto Seamus’s empty bed and stared, open-​mouthed, at the Firebolt.
‘Oh, Harry! Who sent you that?’
‘No idea,’ said Harry. ‘There wasn’t a card or anything with it.’
To his great surprise, Hermione did not appear either excited or intrigued by this news. On the contrary, her face fell, and she bit her lip.
‘What’s the matter with you?’ said Ron.
‘I don’t know,’ said Hermione slowly, ‘but it’s a bit odd, isn’t it? I mean, this is supposed to be quite a good broom, isn’t it?’
Ron sighed exasperatedly.





"
